<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
  <title>Continued Learning Commitment</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../style/fonts.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../style/style.css"/>
</head>
<body class="certificate-body">
  <div class="certificate-border">
    <div class="corner-deco tl" aria-hidden="true"></div><div class="corner-deco tr" aria-hidden="true"></div>
    <div class="corner-deco bl" aria-hidden="true"></div><div class="corner-deco br" aria-hidden="true"></div>

    <h1 class="cert-title">Continuing Learning Pledge</h1>
    <h2 class="cert-subtitle">Commitment to Excellence</h2>

    <p class="intro-text">The most successful hairstylists understand that excellence is not a destination, but a journey of continuous growth and evolution. This pledge represents your formal commitment to lifelong learning.</p>

    <ul class="pledge-list">
      <li>I commit to approaching each day with humility and a beginner's mindset.</li>
      <li>I pledge to set progressive learning goals that continuously challenge and inspire me.</li>
      <li>I recognize that my evolution as a hairstylist opens new doors of opportunity.</li>
      <li>Other: __________________________________________________</li>
    </ul>

    <p class="closing-text">Through this commitment to continuous learning and growth, I invest not only in my abilities but in the positive impact I can have on the lives of those I serve. This vow is my promise to myself and to those I serve, to continually evolve and contribute positively, one hairstyle at a time.</p>

    <div class="signature-row">
      <div class="sig-block">
        <div class="sig-line"></div>
        <div class="sig-label">Signature</div>
      </div>
      <div class="sig-block">
        <div class="sig-line"></div>
        <div class="sig-label">Date</div>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div class="closing-quote">"Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives." - Aristotle</div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>


