<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
  <title>Acknowledgments</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../style/style.css"/>
  <style>
    @import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Lato:wght@300;400&amp;family=Playfair+Display:wght@700&amp;display=swap');
    :root { --teal: #2B9999; --gold: #C9A961; }
    body.ack-body { margin: 0; padding: 4rem 2rem; font-family: 'Lato', sans-serif; background: #fff; line-height: 1.8; color: #444; }
    .ack-container { max-width: 650px; margin: 0 auto; }
    h1.ack-title {
      font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-size: 2rem; color: var(--teal);
      margin-bottom: 2rem; border-bottom: 2px solid #f0f0f0; padding-bottom: 1rem;
    }
    .salutation { font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-size: 1.2rem; margin-bottom: 1.5rem; color: #333; }
    p { margin-bottom: 1.5rem; text-align: justify; }
    .signature {
      margin-top: 3rem; font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-weight: 700;
      color: var(--teal); font-size: 1.2rem;
    }
    .ps-block { 
      font-size: 0.9rem; font-style: italic; color: #666; margin-top: 3rem; 
      border-left: 3px solid var(--gold); padding-left: 1.5rem; 
    }
    .quote { text-align: center; margin-top: 3rem; color: var(--gold); font-weight: bold; }
  </style>
</head>
<body class="ack-body">
  <section class="ack-container" aria-label="Acknowledgments">
    <h1 class="ack-title">From My Heart to Yours</h1>
    
    <p class="salutation">Dear Fellow Dreamer,</p>

    <p>The night I decided to put these words on paper, I sat alone at my kitchen table, surrounded by scattered notes and half-empty coffee cups. Doubt perched heavily on my shoulder, whispering that I had nothing worthwhile to say. I share this with you because I want you to know that this book was born not from certainty, but from a refusal to let fear silence the call to serve.</p>
    
    <p>The path of authentic creation isn't marked with neat signs or many travelers, but those on this journey recognize each other by the light in their eyes—that unmistakable glow of someone who has glimpsed their potential and can never again settle for less.</p>
    
    <p>Take what resonates. Leave what doesn't. Add your own wisdom. This was never meant to be a blueprint but a permission slip—one written by someone who needed it just as desperately as you might.</p>

    <p>The greatest thanks I can offer is my promise to keep expanding what's possible, to continue sharing my journey honestly, and to remember that true fulfillment comes when we rise together, celebrating each other's unique brilliance.</p>

    <div class="signature">With profound gratitude and unwavering faith in your journey,<br/>Michael David</div>

    <div class="ps-block"><strong>P.S.</strong> The world will try to convince you that stability is the highest virtue. But we both know that some souls were born to dance with uncertainty—finding their balance not in stillness, but in the perfect rhythm of perpetual motion. Trust the dance.</div>

    <div class="quote">"In gratitude, we find connection. In connection, we find transformation."</div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>


