<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
  <title>Interactive Journaling Guide - Unveiling Your Creative Odyssey</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../style/style.css"/>
  <style>
    @import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Lato:wght@300;400;700&amp;family=Playfair+Display:ital,wght@0,400;0,700;1,400&amp;display=swap');
    :root { --teal: #2B9999; --gold: #C9A961; --dark: #1F7272; }
    
    body.journal-body { 
      margin: 0; padding: 3rem 2rem; font-family: 'Lato', sans-serif; 
      background: linear-gradient(180deg, #FFFFFF 0%, rgba(43,153,153,0.03) 100%);
      color: #444; line-height: 1.6;
    }
    
    .journal-card {
      max-width: 700px; margin: 0 auto; background: #fff; padding: 4rem;
      box-shadow: 0 10px 30px rgba(0,0,0,0.05); border-top: 6px solid var(--teal);
    }

    h1.main-heading {
      font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-size: 2.2rem; color: var(--dark);
      text-align: center; margin-bottom: 1.5rem; letter-spacing: 0.05em;
    }
    
    .decorative-line { height: 3px; width: 60px; background: var(--gold); margin: 0 auto 2.5rem; }
    
    .intro-text { 
      text-align: center; font-size: 1.05rem; margin-bottom: 3rem; 
      color: #555; max-width: 600px; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;
    }

    h2.sub-heading {
      font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-size: 1.5rem; color: var(--teal);
      margin-top: 3rem; margin-bottom: 1.5rem; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee; padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
    }

    /* Journey List Styling */
    .journey-list { list-style: none; padding: 0; display: grid; grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr; gap: 1.5rem; }
    .journey-item { 
      background: #fafafa; padding: 1.5rem; border-left: 3px solid var(--gold);
      transition: transform 0.2s;
    }
    .journey-item h3 { 
      font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-size: 1rem; margin: 0 0 0.5rem 0; 
      color: var(--dark); font-weight: bold; 
    }
    .journey-item p { margin: 0; font-size: 0.85rem; color: #666; }

    /* Usage Guide Styling */
    .usage-guide { 
      display: grid; grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr; gap: 2rem; 
      background: rgba(201, 169, 97, 0.05); padding: 2rem; border-radius: 8px;
    }
    .usage-pair { margin-bottom: 1rem; }
    dt { font-weight: bold; color: var(--teal); margin-bottom: 0.25rem; font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; }
    dd { margin: 0; font-size: 0.9rem; color: #555; }

    .closing-message { 
      text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-size: 1.1rem; color: var(--gold); 
      margin: 3rem 0; font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-weight: bold;
    }

    .cta-box {
      background: var(--dark); color: white; padding: 2rem; text-align: center; border-radius: 4px;
    }
    .cta-box h4 { margin: 0 0 0.5rem 0; font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-size: 1.2rem; }
    .cta-box p { margin: 0; font-size: 0.9rem; opacity: 0.9; }

    @media (max-width: 600px) {
      .journey-list, .usage-guide { grid-template-columns: 1fr; }
      .journal-card { padding: 2rem; }
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body class="journal-body">
  <main epub:type="backmatter" role="main">
    <section class="journal-card" aria-label="Interactive Journaling Guide">

      <h1 class="main-heading">INTERACTIVE JOURNALING GUIDE</h1>
      <div class="decorative-line" aria-hidden="true"></div>

      <div class="intro-text">
        <p>Welcome to your personal transformation toolkit! This collection of interactive worksheets is designed to guide you through deep self-reflection, goal setting, and professional growth. Each page is a stepping stone on your journey to becoming the stylist—and person—you're meant to be.</p>
      </div>

      <h2 class="sub-heading">Your Journey Ahead</h2>

      <ol class="journey-list">
        <li class="journey-item">
          <h3>Manifesting Journal</h3>
          <p>Transform dreams into reality through focused intention and visualization.</p>
        </li>
        <li class="journey-item">
          <h3>SMART Goals Worksheet</h3>
          <p>Structure your ambitions with specific, measurable, achievable goals.</p>
        </li>
        <li class="journey-item">
          <h3>Professional Development</h3>
          <p>Chart your career path and identify growth opportunities.</p>
        </li>
        <li class="journey-item">
          <h3>Self-Care Planning</h3>
          <p>Design sustainable practices that nurture your well-being.</p>
        </li>
        <li class="journey-item">
          <h3>Vision Journal</h3>
          <p>Clarify your long-term vision and align daily actions with purpose.</p>
        </li>
        <li class="journey-item">
          <h3>Creative Expression</h3>
          <p>Explore ideas through doodling, sketching, and free writing.</p>
        </li>
      </ol>

      <h2 class="sub-heading">How to Use These Tools</h2>

      <dl class="usage-guide">
        <div class="usage-pair">
          <dt>Be Honest:</dt>
          <dd>These exercises work best when you're completely truthful with yourself.</dd>
        </div>
        <div class="usage-pair">
          <dt>Take Your Time:</dt>
          <dd>Don't rush. Deep reflection requires patience and space.</dd>
        </div>
        <div class="usage-pair">
          <dt>Revisit Often:</dt>
          <dd>Your answers may evolve. Return to these pages as you grow.</dd>
        </div>
        <div class="usage-pair">
          <dt>Trust the Process:</dt>
          <dd>Transformation happens one insight at a time.</dd>
        </div>
      </dl>

      <div class="closing-message">
        <p>Your greatest masterpiece isn't just the hair you style—it's the life you create for yourself. Let's begin this beautiful work together.</p>
      </div>

      <div class="cta-box">
        <h4>Ready to Begin Your Journaling Journey?</h4>
        <p>Take the first step toward deeper self-awareness and intentional growth through the power of reflective writing.</p>
      </div>

    </section>
  </main>
</body>
</html>

