<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
  <title>Dedication - Curls &amp; Contemplation</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../style/style.css"/>
  <style>
    @import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Playfair+Display:ital,wght@1,400&amp;display=swap');
    body.dedication-body {
      margin: 0; padding: 4rem 2rem; min-height: 100vh;
      display: flex; flex-direction: column; justify-content: center; align-items: center;
      background: #fff;
    }
    .dedication-container { max-width: 600px; text-align: center; }
    h1.dedication-heading {
      font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-size: 1.5rem; letter-spacing: 0.2em;
      color: #C9A961; text-transform: uppercase; margin-bottom: 3rem; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee; padding-bottom: 1rem;
    }
    .dedication-section { margin-bottom: 2.5rem; }
    p.dedication-text {
      font-family: 'Playfair Display', serif; font-style: italic; font-size: 1.15rem;
      color: #555; line-height: 1.8; margin: 0;
    }
    strong { color: #2B9999; font-weight: normal; }
    .final-line { 
      margin-top: 4rem; font-size: 0.9rem; color: #888; text-transform: uppercase; 
      letter-spacing: 0.15em; font-family: sans-serif; font-style: normal;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body class="dedication-body">
  <section class="frontmatter-shell dedication-page" aria-label="Dedication">
    <div class="dedication-container">
      <h1 class="dedication-heading">DEDICATION</h1>
      
      <div class="dedication-section">
        <p class="dedication-text">To the <em>artists</em> whose hands tremble with excitement before they create, who see possibilities in every curl pattern and potential in every client. This is for you who have turned rejection into redirection, who understand that your uniqueness isn't a barrier but your greatest gift. Your fingertips hold magic that cannot be taught, only cultivated.</p>
      </div>

      <div class="dedication-section">
        <p class="dedication-text">To the <em>apprentices</em> standing nervously with combs in hand, questioning your place: I was once you. Your doubt is the shadow of your greatness waiting to emerge. Study every movement of those before you. The way they listen with their hands, the silent language between stylist and client. These moments contain universes of wisdom.</p>
      </div>

      <div class="dedication-section">
        <p class="dedication-text">And to my <em>lighthouse keepers</em> in the storm—<strong>Yusef Williams/Naphia White</strong>, who taught me that technique without heart is just mechanical motion; <strong>Naeemah Lafond</strong>, whose fierce advocacy showed me our work transcends beauty to become cultural affirmation; and <strong>Vernon François</strong>, who helped me see that every curl has a voice if only we'd listen carefully enough—thank you doesn't begin to cover the debt. You didn't just shape my hands; you sculpted my vision.</p>
      </div>

      <div class="dedication-section">
        <p class="dedication-text">To <em>every hairstylist</em> reading these words: our craft is ancient magic in a modern world. We don't just style hair—we hold stories between our fingers, build confidence with our brushes, and weave heritage into every strand we touch.</p>
      </div>

      <div class="final-line">The world is waiting for your signature touch.</div>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>


