<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
  <title>Bibliography – Curls &amp; Contemplation</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../style/fonts.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../style/style.css"/>
</head>
<body class="bib-body">
  <section class="bib-container" aria-label="Bibliography">
    
    <h1 class="bib-title" epub:type="title">BIBLIOGRAPHY</h1>
    <div class="decorative-line" aria-hidden="true"></div>

    <ul class="bib-list">
      <li class="bib-entry">Abboud, G. "The Future of Braiding: StrandBuilder’s Digital Braiding App." <em>Essence</em>, 2020. <a href="https://www.essence.com/hair/strandbuilder-digital-braiding-app/">https://www.essence.com/hair/strandbuilder-digital-braiding-app/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Advance Partners. "Four Key Components to Financial Sustainability." 2023. <a href="https://www.advancepartners.com/blog/four-key-components-to-financial-sustainability/">https://www.advancepartners.com/blog/four-key-components-to-financial-sustainability/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">AIIR Professional. "Your Stay-at-Home Toolkit for Hair Wellness and Holistic Self-Care." 2023. <a href="https://aiirprofessional.com/blogs/premium/your-stay-at-home-toolkit-for-hair-wellness-and-holistic-self-care">https://aiirprofessional.com/blogs/premium/your-stay-at-home-toolkit-for-hair-wellness-and-holistic-self-care</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Aksoy, M., et al. "The Impact of Aesthetic Changes on the Environmental Adaptation of Individuals." <em>Journal of Health Sciences</em>, vol. 15, no. 2, 2023. doi:10.14687/JHS.V15I2.5307.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Algonquin College. "Hairstyling." 2023. <a href="https://www.algonquincollege.com/business-hospitality/program/hairstyling/">https://www.algonquincollege.com/business-hospitality/program/hairstyling/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Allen, T. D., L. T. Eby, M. L. Poteet, E. Lentz, and L. Lima. "Career Benefits Associated with Mentoring for Protégés: A Meta‑Analysis." <em>Journal of Applied Psychology</em>, 2004. <a href="https://psycnet.apa.org/fulltext/2004-15660-007.html">https://psycnet.apa.org/fulltext/2004-15660-007.html</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Allure. "Jen Atkin: From Couch to Celebrity." 2019. <a href="https://www.allure.com/story/jen-atkin-profile">https://www.allure.com/story/jen-atkin-profile</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Allure. "Kim Kimble: Celebrating Natural Hair." 2018. <a href="https://www.allure.com/story/kim-kimble-interview">https://www.allure.com/story/kim-kimble-interview</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Allure. "The Secret Behind Rihanna's Iconic Hairstyles: Meet Ursula Stephen." April 18, 2017. <a href="https://www.allure.com/story/ursula-stephen-hairstylist-rihanna">https://www.allure.com/story/ursula-stephen-hairstylist-rihanna</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Allure. "Tokyo Stylez Tells All." 2023. <a href="https://www.allure.com">https://www.allure.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">American Association of Cosmetology Schools. "Innovative Training for Diverse Hair Types." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.aacs.org/initiatives/diverse-hair-training">https://www.aacs.org/initiatives/diverse-hair-training</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">American College of Sports Medicine. "Benefits of Stretching and Strength Training." 2021. <a href="https://www.acsm.org">https://www.acsm.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">American Psychological Association. "Building Resilience: How to Bounce Back." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.apa.org/topics/resilience">https://www.apa.org/topics/resilience</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">American Psychological Association. "Mind/Body Health: Meditation." 2020. <a href="https://www.apa.org/topics/mindfulness/meditation">https://www.apa.org/topics/mindfulness/meditation</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">American Psychological Association. "The Importance of Setting Boundaries for Mental Health." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.apa.org">https://www.apa.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">American Salon. "Career Development for Hairstylists." 2021. <a href="https://www.americansalon.com/career-development">https://www.americansalon.com/career-development</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">American Salon. "How to Prepare for a Master Portfolio Review." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.americansalon.com">https://www.americansalon.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">American Salon. "Jayne Matthews on Small-Group Networking." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.americansalon.com">https://www.americansalon.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Angelou, M. <em>I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings</em>. Random House, 1969.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Annunziata, Sherri. <em>The Art and Science of Hairstyling</em>. Routledge, 2019.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Appleton, C. "Reinventing Through Collaboration." [Speech transcript]. NAHA Thrive Conference, Las Vegas, NV, November 2, 2022.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Atkin, J. "The Generosity Mindset Behind Networking." [Interview]. February 8, 2023.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Atkin, Jennifer. <em>Blowing My Way to the Top: How to Break the Rules, Find Your Purpose, and Create the Life and Career You Deserve</em>. New York: Harper Wave, 2020.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">AVACare Medical. "6 Exercises for Hairstylists to Prevent Injury." April 23, 2021. <a href="https://avacaremedical.com/articles/exercises-for-hairstylists/">https://avacaremedical.com/articles/exercises-for-hairstylists/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Aveda. "Aveda Education." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.aveda.com/education">https://www.aveda.com/education</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Aveda. "Discover our Corporate Social Responsibility." n.d. <a href="https://www.aveda.com/csr-initiatives">https://www.aveda.com/csr-initiatives</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Aveda. "Learn how we give back to the community." n.d. <a href="https://www.aveda.com/mission-giving-back">https://www.aveda.com/mission-giving-back</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Aveda. "Learn more about our environmental initiatives." n.d. <a href="https://www.aveda.com/carbon-neutrality-green-initiatives">https://www.aveda.com/carbon-neutrality-green-initiatives</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Aveda. "Living Aveda Blog - 5 Ways We Care For The Environment." n.d. <a href="https://www.aveda.com/living-aveda-article-our-sustainable-practices">https://www.aveda.com/living-aveda-article-our-sustainable-practices</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Aveda Institutes. "Curriculum Overview: Textured Hair and Product Science." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.avedainstitutes.edu/programs/textured-hair">https://www.avedainstitutes.edu/programs/textured-hair</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Avenue Five Institute. "The Importance of Advanced Education for Hair Stylists." 2023. <a href="https://www.avenuefive.edu/the-importance-of-advanced-education-for-hair-stylists/">https://www.avenuefive.edu/the-importance-of-advanced-education-for-hair-stylists/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Aweto, H.A., et al. "Ergonomic Hazards and Musculoskeletal Disorders among Hairstylists." <em>Safety and Health at Work</em>, 13(3), 2022: 285-292. doi:10.1016/j.shaw.2022.04.004.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Aweto, H.A., et al. "Prevalence of Work-Related Musculoskeletal Disorders Among Hairstylists in Nigeria and Its Association with Workplace Ergonomic Factors." <em>International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health</em>, 20(4), 2023: 2785.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Baird, V. "Hair as a Marker of Identity in Hmong American Films: The Cultural Significance of Hair." <em>Journal of American Folklore Research</em>, vol. 10, no. 1, 2023. doi:10.5325/jafrireli.10.1.0020.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Bandura, Albert. <em>Self‑Efficacy: The Exercise of Control</em>. New York: Worth Publishers, 1997. <a href="https://www.uky.edu/~eushe2/Bandura/Bandura1997EP.pdf">https://www.uky.edu/~eushe2/Bandura/Bandura1997EP.pdf</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Banka, N., et al. "The Psychological Impact of Hair Loss among Men and Women." <em>International Journal of Dermatology</em>, vol. 51, no. 10, 2022. doi:10.1111/j.1529-8019.2012.01506.x.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Banks, C. "Inclusive Hair Care: Addressing Accessibility in Salons." <em>Salon Today</em>, 2020. <a href="https://www.salontoday.com/inclusive-hair-care-accessibility">https://www.salontoday.com/inclusive-hair-care-accessibility</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Beauty Innovation Institute. "Getting Started with AI in Beauty: A Beginner's Guide." 2022. <a href="https://www.beautyinnovation.org">https://www.beautyinnovation.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Beauty Matter. "The Rise of Sustainability in Salons." 2023. <a href="https://beautymatter.com/articles/the-rise-of-sustainability-salons">https://beautymatter.com/articles/the-rise-of-sustainability-salons</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">BeautyTech Review. "Bread Beauty Supply: From Kitchen Startup to Eco‑Conscious Powerhouse." June 15, 2021. <a href="https://www.beautytechreview.com/bread-beauty-supply-eco">https://www.beautytechreview.com/bread-beauty-supply-eco</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Behind the Chair. "The Benefits of Shadowing in Hairstyling." 2021. <a href="https://www.behindthechair.com">https://www.behindthechair.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Behind the Chair. "Mentorship in Freelance Hairstyling: Success Stories." 2018. <a href="https://www.behindthechair.com">https://www.behindthechair.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Behind The Chair Magazine. "Vernon François Joins Ulta Beauty Pro Team of Industry-Leading Artists &amp; Educators." April 14, 2023. <a href="https://behindthechair.com">https://behindthechair.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Belleza Hairstyling. "Empowering Self-Care: Why Women Should Prioritize Hair Care for Mental Well-being." 2023. <a href="https://belleza-hairstyling.com/blogs/news/empowering-self-care-why-women-should-prioritize-hair-care-for-mental-well-being">https://belleza-hairstyling.com/blogs/news/empowering-self-care-why-women-should-prioritize-hair-care-for-mental-well-being</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Bernal, J. "Finding Your Creative Guide: A Journey Toward Mentorship." <em>Stratton Magazine</em>, 2022.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Bio Ionic. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Black Women in Beauty. "Representation in the Beauty Industry." 2022. <a href="https://blackwomeninbeauty.org/representation-report">https://blackwomeninbeauty.org/representation-report</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Bosley, Rawn E., and Steven Daveluy. "A Consideration of Natural Hair Care Practices in Black Patients." <em>Journal of Dermatological Treatment</em>, 2023. pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25750968.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Brandignity. "Hair Salon Marketing Strategies." 2016. <a href="https://www.brandignity.com/2016/12/hair-salon-marketing-strategies/">https://www.brandignity.com/2016/12/hair-salon-marketing-strategies/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Breslin, Marquetta. "Building a Thriving Lace Wig Business." <em>WWD</em>, 2018. <a href="https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/hair/marquetta-breslin-profile">https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/hair/marquetta-breslin-profile</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Briogeo. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Brown, B. <em>Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead</em>. Gotham Books, 2012.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Bundles, A'Lelia. <em>On Her Own Ground: The Life and Times of Madam C.J. Walker</em>. New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 2001.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Burns, Kelli. <em>Social Media: A Reference Handbook</em>. ABC-CLIO, 2018.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Burns, L. "The Salons Empowering Trauma Survivors Through Haircare." <em>SF Chronicle</em>, December 2, 2020. <a href="https://www.sfchronicle.com/">https://www.sfchronicle.com/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Byrdie. "An Interview with Celebrity Hairstylist Kim Kimble." 2017. <a href="https://www.byrdie.com/kim-kimble-interview">https://www.byrdie.com/kim-kimble-interview</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Byrdie. "How amika's Global Artistic Director Naeemah LaFond Is Pushing the Boundaries of Inclusivity in Beauty." n.d.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">California Legislative Information. "AB-2762 Cosmetic products: safety." 2020. <a href="https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov">https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Camille Rose Naturals. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Carocci, Max. "Hair and Hair-Like Materials in Native American Textile Industries." <em>Journal of Material Culture</em>, vol. 15, no. 3, 2023. doi:10.1179/174329510x12670196126485.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Cash, Thomas F., and T. A. Pruzinsky. "The Role of Physical Appearance in Shaping Self‑Perception: Implications for Mental Health." <em>Psychology and Health</em> (2002).</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Casserly, M. "Why Hairstylists Need Their Own Online Communities." <em>HuffPost</em>, March 15, 2021. <a href="https://www.huffpost.com/entry/why-hairstylists-need-thei_b_9649952">https://www.huffpost.com/entry/why-hairstylists-need-thei_b_9649952</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Chowdhury, S. "Strategic Networking for Product Managers." <em>Mind the Product</em>, 2020.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Christensen, Clayton M. <em>The Innovator's Dilemma: When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail</em>. Boston: Harvard Business Review Press, 1997.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Coffey, Tabatha. <em>It's Not Really About the Hair</em>. New York: Penguin Group, 2006.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Cohen, S. "The Physical Toll of Being a Hairstylist." <em>The New York Times</em>, April 6, 2020. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/06/well/live/hairstylists-injuries-pain.html">https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/06/well/live/hairstylists-injuries-pain.html</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Congress.gov. "H.R.5017 - Natural Cosmetics Act." 2019. <a href="https://www.congress.gov">https://www.congress.gov</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Corcodilos, N. "80 Percent of Jobs Are Not Advertised: Networking Really Works." <em>Ask The Headhunter</em>, April 3, 2022.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Creative Head Magazine. "Embracing Diversity: The Power of Inclusive Education in Textured Hair Styling." 2023. <a href="https://creativeheadmag.com/embracing-diversity-the-power-of-inclusive-education-in-textured-hair-styling/">https://creativeheadmag.com/embracing-diversity-the-power-of-inclusive-education-in-textured-hair-styling/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">CROWN Coalition, The. "About the CROWN Act." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.thecrowncoalition.org/about">https://www.thecrowncoalition.org/about</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Cutting, Paul, Richard Ross, and Robert Hill. <em>Hairdressing: Theory, Science and Practice</em>. Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley, 1988.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Davines. "For You And For The Planet." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/pages/for-you-and-for-the-planet">https://us.davines.com/pages/for-you-and-for-the-planet</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Davines. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Davis, M. <em>The Stylist’s Guide to Anti-Inflammatory Nutrition</em>. Hairgenius Publications, 2021.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Deloitte. "The Future of Beauty: Thriving in Turbulent Times." 2023. <a href="https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/consumer-business/articles/future-of-beauty-thriving-in-turbulent-times.html">https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/consumer-business/articles/future-of-beauty-thriving-in-turbulent-times.html</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">DevaCurl. "DevaCut Training Program." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.devacurl.com/professionals/devacut">https://www.devacurl.com/professionals/devacut</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Digital Wellness Institute. "Social Media Wellness for the Salon Professional." 2023. <a href="https://www.digitalwellnessinstitute.com/salon-pro">https://www.digitalwellnessinstitute.com/salon-pro</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Diversity in Design Magazine. "Inclusive Salon Design: Celebrating Diversity Through Décor." October 5, 2020. <a href="https://www.diversityindesignmag.com/inclusive-salon-design">https://www.diversityindesignmag.com/inclusive-salon-design</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Doran, George T. "There's a S.M.A.R.T. Way to Write Management's Goals and Objectives." <em>Management Review</em> 70, no. 11 (1981): 35–36.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Dubois, T. <em>Sacred Strands: Revering Hair Across Indigenous Cultures</em>. University of New Mexico Press, 2021.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Dweck, Carol S. <em>Mindset: The New Psychology of Success</em>. New York: Random House, 2006.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Dyson. "Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer." 2023. <a href="https://www.dyson.com/hair-care/dyson-supersonic">https://www.dyson.com/hair-care/dyson-supersonic</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Dyson. "For You And For The Planet." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/pages/for-you-and-for-the-planet">https://us.davines.com/pages/for-you-and-for-the-planet</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Dyson. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Dyson, James. "How Olaplex Revolutionized Hair Repair." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.olaplex.com">https://www.olaplex.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">EcoTools. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">EcoTools. "Our Commitment to Sustainability." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.ecotools.com/sustainability">https://www.ecotools.com/sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Energy Star. "Energy Efficiency for Salons." 2023. <a href="https://www.energystar.gov/industry/salons">https://www.energystar.gov/industry/salons</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Entrepreneur. "Time Management Tips for Busy Professionals." 2021. <a href="https://www.entrepreneur.com">https://www.entrepreneur.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Ericsson, Anders. <em>Peak: Secrets from the New Science of Expertise</em>. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Escandon, G. "How Vernon François Went From Braiding Mops to Brand Founder." <em>Modern Salon</em>, May 25, 2021. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/article/121820/how-vernon-francois-went-from-braiding-mops-to-brand-founder">https://www.modernsalon.com/article/121820/how-vernon-francois-went-from-braiding-mops-to-brand-founder</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Ess, Kristin. "Beauty Independent Interview: Kristin Ess on Digital Networking." 2019. <a href="https://www.beautyindependent.com/kristin-ess-interview">https://www.beautyindependent.com/kristin-ess-interview</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Essence. "How Independent Stylists Are Changing the Game." 2019. <a href="https://www.essence.com">https://www.essence.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Essence. "Ursula Stephen on Networking at New York Fashion Week." 2019. <a href="https://www.essence.com/style/ursula-stephen">https://www.essence.com/style/ursula-stephen</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Estée Lauder Companies. "Harnessing AI for Demand Forecasting." 2021. <a href="https://www.elcompanies.com/en/news-and-media">https://www.elcompanies.com/en/news-and-media</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">European Hair Professionals. "The Hair Has No Gender Project: Fostering Inclusive Beauty." 2020. <a href="https://www.europeanhairpro.com/HHNG">https://www.europeanhairpro.com/HHNG</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Everyday Health. "Building Resilience." 2023. <a href="https://www.everydayhealth.com/wellness/resilience/">https://www.everydayhealth.com/wellness/resilience/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Experticity. "The Power of Brand Partnerships in Building Consumer Trust." 2023. <a href="https://experticity.com/insights/brand-partnerships-consumer-trust/">https://experticity.com/insights/brand-partnerships-consumer-trust/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Farr, Liz. <em>Hairdressing Design: A Salon Handbook</em>. New York: Delmar Cengage Learning, 2012.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Faster Capital. "Stay Inspired and Motivated as a Beauty Entrepreneur." 2023. <a href="https://fastercapital.com/content/Stay-Inspired-and-Motivated-as-a-Beauty-Entrepreneur.html">https://fastercapital.com/content/Stay-Inspired-and-Motivated-as-a-Beauty-Entrepreneur.html</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Ferrazzi, Keith. <em>Never Eat Alone: And Other Secrets to Success, One Relationship at a Time</em>. Currency, 2005.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Fiore, Enzo. <em>The Hairstylist’s Guide to Advanced Techniques</em>. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2017.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Food &amp; Nutrition. "Practice Self-Care with Food." 2023. <a href="https://foodandnutrition.org/blogs/stone-soup/practice-self-care-with-food/">https://foodandnutrition.org/blogs/stone-soup/practice-self-care-with-food/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Forbes Business Council. "14 Effective Ways for Small Businesses to Get Involved in the Local Community." March 16, 2022. <a href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2022/03/16/14-effective-ways-for-small-businesses-to-get-involved-in-the-local-community/">https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2022/03/16/14-effective-ways-for-small-businesses-to-get-involved-in-the-local-community/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Forbes Business Council. "Building Entrepreneurial Community: Strategies for Salon Owners." October 15, 2022. <a href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2022/10/15/building-entrepreneurial-community-strategies-for-salon-owners">https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2022/10/15/building-entrepreneurial-community-strategies-for-salon-owners</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Forbes. "10 Smart Ways to Make Self-Care a Part of Every Meal." 2017. <a href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/nomanazish/2017/12/11/10-smart-ways-to-make-self-care-a-part-of-every-meal/">https://www.forbes.com/sites/nomanazish/2017/12/11/10-smart-ways-to-make-self-care-a-part-of-every-meal/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Forbes. "Diversifying Your Income Streams: A Guide for Small Business Owners." 2022. <a href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/advisor/2022/09/12/diversifying-your-income-streams-a-guide-for-small-business-owners/">https://www.forbes.com/sites/advisor/2022/09/12/diversifying-your-income-streams-a-guide-for-small-business-owners/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Forbes. "How Miko Branch Built Miss Jessie's Into an Iconic Beauty Brand." May 1, 2020. <a href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2020/05/01/how-miko-branch-built-miss-jessies-into-an-iconic-beauty-brand/">https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2020/05/01/how-miko-branch-built-miss-jessies-into-an-iconic-beauty-brand/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Forbes. "How to Measure the ROI of Continuing Education." 2020. <a href="https://www.forbes.com">https://www.forbes.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Forbes. "The Impact of Brand Partnerships on Consumer Perception." 2022. <a href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesagencycouncil/2022/06/14/the-impact-of-brand-partnerships-on-consumer-perception/">https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesagencycouncil/2022/06/14/the-impact-of-brand-partnerships-on-consumer-perception/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Forbes. "The Power of Strategic Partnerships in Business Growth." 2020. <a href="https://www.forbes.com">https://www.forbes.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">François, Vernon. "About Vernon François." 2023. <a href="https://vernonfrancois.com">https://vernonfrancois.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">François, Vernon. Personal interview. 2023.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Freelancers Union. "Health Insurance Options for Freelancers." 2023. <a href="https://www.freelancersunion.org">https://www.freelancersunion.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">FreshBooks. "Why Cloud Accounting is Essential for Freelancers." 2023. <a href="https://www.freshbooks.com/en-gb/cloud-accounting">https://www.freshbooks.com/en-gb/cloud-accounting</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Freund, J. "Exclusive: Federal Investigation into ChainSalons Franchise Reveals Major Violations." <em>Modern Salon</em>, September 28, 2022. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/991955/exclusive-federal-investigation-into-chainsalons-franchise-reveals-major-violations">https://www.modernsalon.com/991955/exclusive-federal-investigation-into-chainsalons-franchise-reveals-major-violations</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Fukada, K. "The Spiritual Roots of Trendcasting." <em>Behind the Chair</em>, 25(4), 2023: 62-71.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Gale, P. <em>Your Network Is Your Net Worth: Unlock the Hidden Power of Connections for Wealth, Success, and Happiness in the Digital Age</em>. Atria Books, 2013.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Gcelt. "The Best Hair: Exploring the Diversity and Beauty Across Races." 2023. <a href="https://gcelt.org/the-best-hair-exploring-the-diversity-and-beauty-across-races/">https://gcelt.org/the-best-hair-exploring-the-diversity-and-beauty-across-races/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Get Neko. "Salon Leadership Skills." 2023. <a href="https://www.getneko.com/salon-leadership-skills/">https://www.getneko.com/salon-leadership-skills/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">GHD. "For You And For The Planet." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/pages/for-you-and-for-the-planet">https://us.davines.com/pages/for-you-and-for-the-planet</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">GHD. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Gibson, Ted. "Behind the Chair Interview: Ted Gibson on Networking." 2018. <a href="https://behindthechair.com/interview/ted-gibson">https://behindthechair.com/interview/ted-gibson</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Gina’s College. "Diploma Programs: Hairstyling." 2023. <a href="https://www.ginascollege.com/diploma-programs/hairstyling/">https://www.ginascollege.com/diploma-programs/hairstyling/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">GirlGang Group. "Early Girl Gang DC: A Case Study in Sustainable Beauty." 2022. <a href="https://girlganggroup.org/case-studies/early-girl-gang-dc">https://girlganggroup.org/case-studies/early-girl-gang-dc</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Godin, S. <em>The Practice: Shipping Creative Work</em>. Penguin Books, 2022.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Godin, S. <em>Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us</em>. Portfolio, 2008.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Goldstein, Daniel. "The Extended Mind in Creative Practice: How Tools Become Extensions of Ourselves." <em>Creativity Research Journal</em>, 2021. <a href="https://www.creativityresearchjournal.org/extended-mind">https://www.creativityresearchjournal.org/extended-mind</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Goleman, Daniel. <em>Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More Than IQ</em>. Bantam Books, 2005.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Goleman, Daniel. <em>Working with Emotional Intelligence</em>. New York: Bantam Books, 1998.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Goruo, A. "The Sacrament of Style: Uplifting Communities Through Beauty." [Video]. CreativeLive, 2023. <a href="https://www.creativelive.com/">https://www.creativelive.com/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Government of Ontario. "Policy Directive: Hairstyling Training Programs." 2023. <a href="https://www.ontario.ca/page/policy-directive-hairstyling-training-programs">https://www.ontario.ca/page/policy-directive-hairstyling-training-programs</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Granovetter, Mark. "The Strength of Weak Ties." <em>American Journal of Sociology</em> 79, no. 6 (1973): 1360–1380. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/2776392">https://www.jstor.org/stable/2776392</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Grant, Adam. <em>Give and Take: A Revolutionary Approach to Success</em>. Viking, 2013.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Green Circle Salons. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Green Circle Salons. "Sustainability Impact Report." 2021. <a href="https://www.greencirclesalons.com">https://www.greencirclesalons.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Greene, L. &amp; Buckworth, J. "Exercise Among Hospitality Workers: A Look at Motivators and Obstacles." <em>International Journal of Hospitality Management</em>, 70, 2018: 44-52.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Greener Salon &amp; Spa. "Our Sustainability Journey." 2022. <a href="https://www.greensalonsa.com/sustainability">https://www.greensalonsa.com/sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Grégoire, S. "Meditations for Workplace Well-Being." <em>Harvard Business Review</em>, September 1, 2021. <a href="https://hbr.org/2021/09/meditations-for-workplace-well-being">https://hbr.org/2021/09/meditations-for-workplace-well-being</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Grow Knoxville. "Why Healthy Hair is Important to Your Overall Well-being." 2023. <a href="https://growknoxville.com/why-healthy-hair-is-important-to-your-overall-well-being/">https://growknoxville.com/why-healthy-hair-is-important-to-your-overall-well-being/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Gunn, R. <em>The Mindset of a Master Hairdresser</em>. Cengage Learning, 2021.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hairbrained. "Hairbrained Mentorship Program." 2023. <a href="https://www.hairbrained.me">https://www.hairbrained.me</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hairstyle Authority. "Low‑Tension Protective Styles for Natural Hair." 2018. <a href="https://www.hairstyleauthority.com/low-tension-protective-styles">https://www.hairstyleauthority.com/low-tension-protective-styles</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hairstylist Insider. "Johnny Wright: From Celebrity Cuts to Innovative Products." August 15, 2019. <a href="https://www.hairstylistinsider.com/johnny-wright-celebrity-innovator">https://www.hairstylistinsider.com/johnny-wright-celebrity-innovator</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hairstylist Today. "How MoKnowsHair Leveraged Digital Platforms for Growth." March 10, 2021. <a href="https://www.hairstylisttoday.com/moknowshair-digital-growth">https://www.hairstylisttoday.com/moknowshair-digital-growth</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hairstylist Today. "Niche Marketing for Texture Specialists." May 10, 2020. <a href="https://www.hairstylisttoday.com/niche-marketing-texture">https://www.hairstylisttoday.com/niche-marketing-texture</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Harper's Bazaar. "Guido Palau: The Man Behind the Modern Look." 2014. <a href="https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair">https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Harper's Bazaar. "Vernon François: Championing Textured Hair." 2021. <a href="https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair">https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Harper's Bazaar. "Vernon François: Redefining Beauty Standards." 2021. <a href="https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair">https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Harvard Business Review. "How Interactive Engagement Drives Customer Loyalty." 2020. <a href="https://hbr.org">https://hbr.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Harvard Business Review. "The Importance of Pricing Transparency." 2021. <a href="https://hbr.org/2021/04/the-importance-of-pricing-transparency">https://hbr.org/2021/04/the-importance-of-pricing-transparency</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Harvard Business Review. "The Power of Small Leadership Acts." 2020. <a href="https://hbr.org">https://hbr.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Harvard Business Review. "The Value of Peer Feedback in Professional Development." 2020. <a href="https://hbr.org">https://hbr.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. "The Nutrition Source." 2022. <a href="https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource">https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Healthline. "Quick Self‑Care Tips." 2021. <a href="https://www.healthline.com">https://www.healthline.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Heitner, D. "How to Respond to Positive and Negative Reviews." <em>Entrepreneur</em>, 2022. <a href="https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/419603">https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/419603</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Herman, J. "The Importance of Community Building in Digital Marketing." <em>Harvard Business Review</em>, 2022. <a href="https://hbr.org/2022/05/the-importance-of-community-building-in-digital-marketing">https://hbr.org/2022/05/the-importance-of-community-building-in-digital-marketing</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hielscher, S. "The Material Interactions in Women's Hair Care." <em>Journal of Design History</em>, vol. 26, no. 3, 2023. doi:10.1093/JDH/EPT020.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hill, C. "5 Tips for Networking with Integrity." <em>Harvard Business Review</em>, October 15, 2020.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hoffman, Reid, and Casnocha, Ben. <em>The Start-up of You: Adapt to the Future, Invest in Yourself, and Transform Your Career</em>. Crown Business, 2012.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Holy Bible, The. New International Version. Ecclesiastes 4:9. 2011. <a href="https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ecclesiastes+4%3A9">https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ecclesiastes+4%3A9</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Holy Bible, The. New International Version. Proverbs 22:1. 2011. <a href="https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs+22%3A1">https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs+22%3A1</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Holy Bible, The. New International Version. Proverbs 27:17. 2011. <a href="https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs+27%3A17">https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs+27%3A17</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Holy Bible, The. New International Version. Psalm 78:72. 2011. <a href="https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm+78%3A72">https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm+78%3A72</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Honsberger, K. "Beauty From the Block: Mobile Salons Target Food Deserts." <em>Glossy</em>, May 18, 2022. <a href="https://www.glossy.co/beauty/beauty-from-the-block-mobile-salons-target-food-deserts">https://www.glossy.co/beauty/beauty-from-the-block-mobile-salons-target-food-deserts</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hootsuite. "Social Media Marketing Best Practices." 2023. <a href="https://hootsuite.com/resources/social-media-marketing">https://hootsuite.com/resources/social-media-marketing</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Hootsuite. "The State of Digital Marketing." 2023. <a href="https://www.hootsuite.com/resources">https://www.hootsuite.com/resources</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">HubSpot. "Marketing Automation Essentials." 2023. <a href="https://www.hubspot.com">https://www.hubspot.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Indeed. "Hair Stylist Training." 2023. <a href="https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/finding-a-job/hair-stylist-training">https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/finding-a-job/hair-stylist-training</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Indeed. "Self-Care at Work." 2023. <a href="https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/selfcare-at-work">https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/selfcare-at-work</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Influencer Marketing Hub. "YouTube Money Calculator." 2023. <a href="https://influencermarketinghub.com/youtube-money-calculator/">https://influencermarketinghub.com/youtube-money-calculator/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Innersense Organic Beauty. "Innersense Impact Report." n.d. <a href="https://innersensebeauty.com/pages/impact-report">https://innersensebeauty.com/pages/impact-report</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Innersense Organic Beauty. "Innersense People and Planet." n.d. <a href="https://innersensebeauty.com/pages/people-planet">https://innersensebeauty.com/pages/people-planet</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Innersense Organic Beauty. "Innersense Sustainability Starts With All Of Us." n.d. <a href="https://innersensebeauty.com/pages/sustainability-starts-with-all-of-us">https://innersensebeauty.com/pages/sustainability-starts-with-all-of-us</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Innersense Organic Beauty. "Innersense Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://innersensebeauty.com/pages/sustainability">https://innersensebeauty.com/pages/sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Intuit. "QuickBooks Online." 2023. <a href="https://quickbooks.intuit.com">https://quickbooks.intuit.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Jackson, T. <em>Against All Odds: My Fight for Stylist Rights</em>. Memoir Publishing Group, 2022.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Jackson, T. "Building Longevity as a Stylist." <em>Qtique Magazine</em>, January 28, 2023.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Jones, Nora L., and Candrice R. Heath. "The Significance of Culturally Humble Care in Dermatology." <em>Pediatric Dermatology</em>, vol. 36, no. 4, 2023. doi:10.1111/pde.14721.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Journo Portfolio. "How to Make a Showstopping Digital Portfolio for Hair Stylists &amp; Cosmetologists." 2023. <a href="https://www.journoportfolio.com/blog/how-to-make-a-showstopping-digital-portfolio-for-hair-stylists-cosmetologists/">https://www.journoportfolio.com/blog/how-to-make-a-showstopping-digital-portfolio-for-hair-stylists-cosmetologists/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Journal of Environmental Psychology. "The Impact of Sensory‑Aware Design on Customer Experience." 2019. <a href="https://www.journalofenvironmentalpsychology.com/sensory-design">https://www.journalofenvironmentalpsychology.com/sensory-design</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Journal of Ethnic Studies. "Traditional Hairstyling Techniques and Cultural Significance." 2020. <a href="https://www.jes.org">https://www.jes.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Kabat‑Zinn, Jon. <em>Full Catastrophe Living: Using the Wisdom of Your Body and Mind to Face Stress, Pain, and Illness</em>. Delta, 1990.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Kaplan, R. "PopModerne Founder Leads Salon Safety Protests After Going Viral." <em>PopSugar Beauty</em>, August 11, 2019. <a href="https://www.popsugar.com/beauty/popmoderne-salon-safety-protests-46514445">https://www.popsugar.com/beauty/popmoderne-salon-safety-protests-46514445</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Kaufman, Scott Barry, and Carolyn Gregoire. <em>Wired to Create: Unraveling the Mysteries of the Creative Mind</em>. Penguin Books, 2016.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Keller, Kevin Lane. <em>Strategic Brand Management</em>. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall, 2003.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Khouri, J. "Essential Salon Software 2023: The Definitive Pricing Guide." <em>Software Advice</em>, 2022. <a href="https://www.softwareadvice.com/salon/">https://www.softwareadvice.com/salon/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Kimble, K. "Masterclass for Textured Hair Stylists." Interview by Refinery29, July 12, 2021.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Kinky-Curly. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Kram, Kathy E. <em>Mentoring at Work: Developmental Relationships in Organizational Life</em>. Glenview, IL: Scott, Foresman, 1985.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Label Insight. "How Consumer Demand for Transparency is Shaping the Food Industry." 2016. <a href="https://LabelInsight.com">https://LabelInsight.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Lafond, Naeemah. "Inside Amika: Naeemah Lafond's Vision." <em>Modern Salon</em>, 2019. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/article/naeemah-lafond">https://www.modernsalon.com/article/naeemah-lafond</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Lafond, N. <em>The Geometry of Wholeness: Rediscovering Mastery Through Patience</em>. NY: North Star Publishing, 2021.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Larré, F., et al. "The Importance of Professional Development in Hairstyling Education." <em>Revue Française de Pédagogie</em>, 2023. doi:10.4000/RFP.4225.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Later. "Marketing Platform for Instagram, TikTok, and More." 2023. <a href="https://later.com/">https://later.com/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Leblanc, Marie. <em>Salon Sanitation: A Guide to Hygiene Practices</em>. Milady, 2020.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Leighton, A. "Reflections on Mentorship." [Video]. YouTube, February 12, 2023. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Zy3xQWvZfk">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Zy3xQWvZfk</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">LinkedIn Learning. "How to Evaluate Online Courses." 2023. <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/learning">https://www.linkedin.com/learning</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">LinkedIn. "Beauty Revolution: AI's Impact on the Cosmetic Industry." 2023. <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/beauty-revolution-ais-impact-cosmetic-industry">https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/beauty-revolution-ais-impact-cosmetic-industry</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Ling, W.K., et al. "Examining the Effects of Weekly Massage on Occupational Burnout Among Hairstylists." <em>Journal of Massage &amp; Bodywork Therapies</em>, 2(3), 2020: 216-229.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">L'Oréal. "Augmented Reality Makeup Apps." n.d. <a href="https://www.lorealparisusa.com/beauty-magazine/makeup/augmented-reality-makeup-apps.aspx">https://www.lorealparisusa.com/beauty-magazine/makeup/augmented-reality-makeup-apps.aspx</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">L'Oréal. "Revolutionizing Beauty: AI‑Driven Product Innovation." <em>Harvard Business Review</em>, June 2020. <a href="https://hbr.org/2020/06/ai-in-beauty">https://hbr.org/2020/06/ai-in-beauty</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">L'Oréal. "The Role of AI in Modern Beauty." 2021. <a href="https://www.loreal.com/en/innovation/ai-beauty">https://www.loreal.com/en/innovation/ai-beauty</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Mane Choice, The. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Manning, Jodi. "Hair Symbolism among College Students." <em>Journal of Folklore Research</em>, vol. 10, no. 1, 2023. doi:10.5325/jafrireli.10.1.0020.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Manns-James, L., and A. Neal-Barnett. "Culturally Informed Hair Cortisol Sampling: A Community Engagement Perspective." <em>Journal of Dermatological Science</em>, 2023. doi:10.1111/jdv.13642.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Margolis, E. "The Rise of Vernon François." <em>Black Beauty Mag</em>, 2023.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Mascola, Toni. <em>The Fundamentals of Hairstyling</em>. Cengage Learning, 2018.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">McKinsey &amp; Company. "The Beauty Industry in the Age of COVID‑19." 2020. <a href="https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/beauty">https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/beauty</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Meldrum, A. "The Benefits of Automated Credit Card Payments for Small Businesses." <em>Forbes</em>, 2021. <a href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/06/24/the-benefits-of-automated-credit-card-payments-for-small-businesses/">https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/06/24/the-benefits-of-automated-credit-card-payments-for-small-businesses/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Mendl, U. "Interview with Elle Magazine." <em>Elle Magazine</em>, March 14, 2023.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Mensah, Charlotte. <em>Good Hair</em>. 2020. <a href="https://www.goodhairbook.com">https://www.goodhairbook.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Mercer, Kobena. <em>Welcome to the Jungle: New Positions in Black Cultural Studies</em>. London: Routledge, 1994.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Metropolitan Museum of Art, The. "Hair and Wigs in Ancient Egypt." Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/hair/hd_hair.htm">https://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/hair/hd_hair.htm</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Michele, K. "Trichology: The Science of Healthy Hair." <em>Modern Salon</em>, 2023. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/trichology-science-healthy-hair">https://www.modernsalon.com/trichology-science-healthy-hair</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Mielle Organics. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Mielle Organics. "Our Product Philosophy: Moisture &amp; Healing." 2021. <a href="https://www.mielleorganics.com/our-story">https://www.mielleorganics.com/our-story</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Mielle Organics. "Our Story: Celebrating Natural Beauty." 2021. <a href="https://www.mielleorganics.com">https://www.mielleorganics.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Milan. "Thank You Note Service." 2023. <a href="https://www.milannotes.com/">https://www.milannotes.com/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Milner, N. "Ergonomics for Hairstylists." Salon Safety Inc., December 1, 2020. <a href="https://salonsafetyinc.com/ergonomics-for-hairstylists/">https://salonsafetyinc.com/ergonomics-for-hairstylists/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">MINDBODY. "The Rise of Online Consultations in the Beauty Industry." 2022. <a href="https://www.mindbodyonline.com/business/education/blog/online-consultations-beauty-industry">https://www.mindbodyonline.com/business/education/blog/online-consultations-beauty-industry</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Miu Miu. "Miu Miu ANDAM Fashion Avatars by AI." n.d. <a href="https://www.miumiu.com/en/experiences/miu-miu-andam-fashion-avatars-by-ai">https://www.miumiu.com/en/experiences/miu-miu-andam-fashion-avatars-by-ai</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Miyamoto, M. <em>The Artist's Meditation: Unlocking Presence and Perception</em>. Shambhala Publications, 2019.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Modern Salon. "Nick Stenson's Suburban Networking Strategies." 2020. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/article/2020/06/nick-stenson">https://www.modernsalon.com/article/2020/06/nick-stenson</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Modern Salon. "Pricing Guide for Professional Hair Tools." 2021. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/pricing-guide">https://www.modernsalon.com/pricing-guide</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Modern Salon. "Pricing Strategies for Salon Owners." 2022. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/pricing-strategies">https://www.modernsalon.com/pricing-strategies</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Modern Salon. "Revenue Diversification Strategies for Freelancers." 2021. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/revenue-diversification">https://www.modernsalon.com/revenue-diversification</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Modern Salon. "Tabatha Takes Over: How Self‑Care Powers High‑Profile Stylists." November 20, 2015. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/tabatha-takes-over-self-care">https://www.modernsalon.com/tabatha-takes-over-self-care</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">ModiFace. "Augmented Reality in Beauty: Transforming Client Consultations." 2020. <a href="https://www.modiface.com">https://www.modiface.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">ModiFace. "Home." n.d. <a href="https://www.modiface.com/">https://www.modiface.com/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Morency, C. "How Jen Atkin Became the Most Influential Hair Stylist in the World." <em>The Cut</em>, 2021.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Msalon.us. "Hair Care for All: Diversity and Inclusivity." 2023. <a href="https://www.msalon.us/hair-care-for-all-diversity-and-inclusivity">https://www.msalon.us/hair-care-for-all-diversity-and-inclusivity</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Murray, D. "Investors Worth $12B Divest from Lechowicz Enterprises Over Environmental Negligence." <em>Environmental Finance</em>, March 10, 2023. <a href="https://www.environmental-finance.com/">https://www.environmental-finance.com/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">MyDigiSalon. "Digital Marketing Strategies for Beauty Salon." 2023. <a href="https://www.mydigisalon.com/blog/digital-marketing-strategies-beauty-salon/">https://www.mydigisalon.com/blog/digital-marketing-strategies-beauty-salon/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">NAHA. "North American Hairstyling Awards." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.nahaawards.com">https://www.nahaawards.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">National Affordable Housing Act (NAHA). "NAHA Lobby Day Wins Earned Sick Leave Act." July 18, 2021. <a href="https://theprobeau.com/naha-lobby-day-2021/">https://theprobeau.com/naha-lobby-day-2021/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">National Institutes of Health. "Hair Biology: Cultural and Genetic Diversity in Hair Structure." 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.nih.gov/hair-biology">https://www.nih.gov/hair-biology</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">NaturallyCurly. "Curl Typing System." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.naturallycurly.com/curltyping">https://www.naturallycurly.com/curltyping</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">NaturallyCurly. "The NaturallyCurly Texture Typing System." 1998. <a href="https://www.naturallycurly.com/texture-typing">https://www.naturallycurly.com/texture-typing</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Naturtint. "Naturtint: Natural Hair Color Solutions." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.naturtint.com/about-sustainability">https://www.naturtint.com/about-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Nelms, Nikki. "Transparency in Beauty: How Clear Pricing Builds Trust." <em>Modern Salon</em>, November 20, 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/transparency-in-beauty-nikki-nelms">https://www.modernsalon.com/transparency-in-beauty-nikki-nelms</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. "Drug Take Back Act". 2018. <a href="https://DEC.NY.gov">https://DEC.NY.gov</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">New York Times, The. "Redefining Beauty: The Rise of Natural Hair." April 15, 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/15/style/natural-hair-beauty">https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/15/style/natural-hair-beauty</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Newman, Daniel. <em>The Ultimate Guide to Social Media for Business Owners, Professionals, and Entrepreneurs</em>. Allworth, 2018.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">NFIB Research Center. "2023 Financial Wellness Report: Small Business Financial Wellness." 2023. <a href="https://www.nfib.com/financialwellness">https://www.nfib.com/financialwellness</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Nielsen. "Consumer-Goods' Brands That Demonstrate Commitment to Sustainability Outperform Those That Don't". 2015. <a href="https://Nielsen.com">https://Nielsen.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Nielsen. "Global Trust in Advertising Report." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/report/2021/global-trust-in-advertising/">https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/report/2021/global-trust-in-advertising/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Nielsen. "Sustainable and Ethical Consumerism: A Global Perspective." 2022. <a href="https://www.nielsen.com/insights/2022/sustainable-and-ethical-consumerism-a-global-perspective/">https://www.nielsen.com/insights/2022/sustainable-and-ethical-consumerism-a-global-perspective/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Nielsen. "The Sustainability Imperative". 2015. <a href="https://Nielsen.com">https://Nielsen.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Nutritionist Resource. "Self-Care." 2023. <a href="https://www.nutritionist-resource.org.uk/content/self-care.html">https://www.nutritionist-resource.org.uk/content/self-care.html</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">NVIDIA. "How AI Is Transforming the Fashion Industry." May 11, 2021. <a href="https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/2021/05/11/ai-generative-models-fashion-design/">https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/2021/05/11/ai-generative-models-fashion-design/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Open Influence. "The Diversity and Inclusion Report: Perception in Online Communities." 2022. <a href="https://openinfluence.com/diversity-inclusion-report/">https://openinfluence.com/diversity-inclusion-report/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">OSHA.gov. "Ergonomics for the Prevention of Musculoskeletal Disorders - Guidelines for Hairstyling." 2021. <a href="https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics/guidelines/hairstyling">https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics/guidelines/hairstyling</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Ouidad. "The Carve and Slice Technique." 2017. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.ouidad.com/professionals/curl-cutting">https://www.ouidad.com/professionals/curl-cutting</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Oyin Handmade. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Palau, Guido. "Interview with Allure Magazine." <em>Allure Magazine</em>, July 25, 2019.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Palau, Guido. <em>Hair: Guido</em>. New York: Rizzoli International Publications, 2013.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Pandey, J., and S. Srivastava. "The Psychological Impact of Hair Aesthetics." <em>International Archives of Medicine</em>, vol. 42, no. 11, 2023. doi:10.46607/iamj4211082023.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Patel, N. "How to Use Automation to Grow Your Business." 2022. <a href="https://neilpatel.com/blog/automation-to-grow-business/">https://neilpatel.com/blog/automation-to-grow-business/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Pearce, J. "The Zen of Vernon François." <em>Essence Hair</em>, February 23, 2023. <a href="https://www.essence.com/hair/vernon-francois-celebrity-hairstylist-profile/">https://www.essence.com/hair/vernon-francois-celebrity-hairstylist-profile/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Perfect Corp. "Home." n.d. <a href="https://www.perfectcorp.com/">https://www.perfectcorp.com/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Perfect Corp. "How AR is Revolutionizing Beauty Consultations." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.perfectcorp.com/ar-beauty">https://www.perfectcorp.com/ar-beauty</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Phelpstead, Carl. "Hair in Medieval Icelandic Literature: Constructing Gendered Identities." <em>Scandinavian Studies</em>, vol. 85, no. 2, 2023. doi:10.1353/SCD.2013.0019.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Philanthropy Circuit. "Strategies for Building Sustainable Funding Models for Nonprofit Organizations." 2023. <a href="https://philanthropycircuit.org/insights/strategies-for-building-sustainable-funding-models-for-nonprofit-organizations/">https://philanthropycircuit.org/insights/strategies-for-building-sustainable-funding-models-for-nonprofit-organizations/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Pierce, D. "Networking: Multi-level Marketing Yourself." <em>Professional Communication and Career Advancement Techniques</em>, 1999.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Porter, S. "Tapping Into Your Creative Well." <em>Modern Salon</em>, June 6, 2022. <a href="https://www.modernsalon.com/643318/tapping-into-your-creative-well">https://www.modernsalon.com/643318/tapping-into-your-creative-well</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Potts, Z. <em>Overcoming The Impossible: My Advocacy Journey</em>. ZPMedia, 2021.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Powell, D. "The Hairstylist Industry Report 2022." <em>Muse &amp; Mustard</em>, June 2022.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Precision Nutrition. "Self-Care Strategies That Work." 2023. <a href="https://www.precisionnutrition.com/self-care-strategies-that-work">https://www.precisionnutrition.com/self-care-strategies-that-work</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Prempeh, K. "The Cultural Reinterpretation of Hair through the Veil in Accra, Ghana." <em>Journal of African Religious Studies</em>, vol. 10, no. 1, 2023. doi:10.5325/jafrireli.10.1.0020.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Professional Beauty Association. "Interview with Mark Townsend on Introvert Networking." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.probeauty.org">https://www.probeauty.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Project Management Institute. <em>A Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK® Guide)</em>. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute, 2017.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Quets, A. L. <em>The Awakened Stylist: A Guide to Igniting Passion and Unleashing Creativity in Your Salon</em>. AuthorHouse, 2019.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Ragins, Bernard R., and K. E. Kram, eds. <em>The Handbook of Mentoring at Work: Theory, Research, and Practice</em>. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, 2007.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Rahua. "How We Highlight Sustainability." n.d. <a href="https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability">https://us.davines.com/blogs/news/how-we-highlight-sustainability</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Rahua. "Rahua Amazon Beauty." n.d. <a href="https://rahua.com">https://rahua.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Rao, M. S. "Creating Legacies through Leadership in the Hairstyling Industry." <em>Human Resource Management International Digest</em>, vol. 22, no. 4, 2023. doi:10.1108/HRMID-01-2014-0013.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Reardon, S. "Top 40 Hair Education Podcasts." <em>BehindTheChair.com</em>, January 27, 2022. <a href="https://behindthechair.com/articles/hair-education-podcasts/">https://behindthechair.com/articles/hair-education-podcasts/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Reyes, Marco. "Editorial Profile: Marco Reyes on Mentorship in High‑Fashion Hair." <em>WWD</em>, 2018. <a href="https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/hair/marco-reyes-profile">https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/hair/marco-reyes-profile</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Reyes, M. "Top 10 Hairstyling Facebook Groups You Should Know." <em>Colored Curlz Magazine</em>, March 2023.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Robinson, J. "The Importance of Mentorship for Creatives." <em>CreativePro Magazine</em>, 12(5), 2020: 28-35.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Rumi, J.D. <em>The Essential Rumi</em> (C. Barks, Trans.). San Francisco: HarperCollins, 1995.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Saitoh, I. <em>A Method of Plaiting Hair</em>. IBC Publishing, 2012.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Salesforce. "Salesforce CRM for Small Businesses." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.salesforce.com">https://www.salesforce.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Salon Business Journal. "Cost Efficiency in Salon Equipment: A Comparative Analysis." 2022. <a href="https://www.salonbusinessjournal.com/cost-efficiency">https://www.salonbusinessjournal.com/cost-efficiency</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Salon Business Journal. "Economic Resilience Strategies for Hairstylists." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.salonbusinessjournal.com">https://www.salonbusinessjournal.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Salon Today. "Building Your Signature Style: Post‑Mentorship Strategies." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.salontoday.com">https://www.salontoday.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Salon Today. "The Future of the Salon Industry in the Aftermath of COVID-19." n.d. <a href="https://www.salontoday.com">https://www.salontoday.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Salon Today. "The Rise of Freelance Hairstylists." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.salontoday.com">https://www.salontoday.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sarcos, R. "The Wisdom of Vernon François." <em>Cutting Edge Styles Magazine</em>, 14(6), 2021: 28-35.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sassoon, V. "Interview with Salon Magazine." <em>Salon Magazine</em>, June 1982.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sassoon, Vidal, and Michael O'Donnell. <em>Vidal: The Autobiography</em>. New York: Macmillan, 2010.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">ScienceDirect. "Environmental Impacts of Salon Waste Management." 2023. <a href="https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0959652615006460">https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0959652615006460</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Scrummi. "Environmental Sustainability in the Hairdressing Salon." 2023. <a href="https://scrummi.com/blogs/blog/environmental-sustainability-hairdressing-salon">https://scrummi.com/blogs/blog/environmental-sustainability-hairdressing-salon</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Selfgood. "Mobile Hair Stylist Business Management." 2023. <a href="https://selfgood.com/blog/mobile-hair-stylist-business-management">https://selfgood.com/blog/mobile-hair-stylist-business-management</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Selfgood. "Start a Freelance Business: Hair Stylist." 2023. <a href="https://selfgood.com/blog/start-freelance-business/hair-stylist">https://selfgood.com/blog/start-freelance-business/hair-stylist</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Senge, Peter M. <em>The Fifth Discipline: The Art &amp; Practice of The Learning Organization</em>. New York: Doubleday, 1990.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sephora. "Sephora Virtual Artist." n.d. <a href="https://www.sephora.com/beauty/virtual-artist">https://www.sephora.com/beauty/virtual-artist</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Seth, S. "How to Beat Social Isolation as an Artist." <em>Artwork Archive</em>, October 14, 2020. <a href="https://www.artworkarchive.com/blog/how-to-beat-social-isolation-as-an-artist">https://www.artworkarchive.com/blog/how-to-beat-social-isolation-as-an-artist</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">ShearShare. "Leadership Tips for Stylists Starting Their Own Business." 2023. <a href="https://shearshare.com/blog/leadership-tips-for-stylists-starting-their-own-business/">https://shearshare.com/blog/leadership-tips-for-stylists-starting-their-own-business/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Shiel, W. "Hairstyling and Its Impact on Societal Presentation and Quality of Life." <em>Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology</em>, vol. 6, no. 4, 2023. doi:10.1111/j.1473-2165.2007.00315.x.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sill, Lauren. "Vintage Hairstyling Academy." n.d.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sinek, Simon. <em>Start With Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action</em>. New York: Portfolio, 2009. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.startwithwhy.com">https://www.startwithwhy.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Small Business. "Code of Ethics for Salon." 2023. <a href="https://smallbusiness.chron.com/code-ethics-salon-41760.html">https://smallbusiness.chron.com/code-ethics-salon-41760.html</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Smarter Salon. "The Importance of Financial Tracking for Salon Owners." 2023. <a href="https://www.smartersalon.com/financial-tracking/">https://www.smartersalon.com/financial-tracking/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Smith, E. E. <em>The Power of Meaning: Crafting a Life That Matters</em>. Crown Publishing Group, 2017.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Smithsonian Magazine. "The Environmental Impact of Beauty Waste." 2022. <a href="https://www.smithsonianmag.com/innovation/environmental-impact-beauty-waste-180979401/">https://www.smithsonianmag.com/innovation/environmental-impact-beauty-waste-180979401/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sonkusare, S. "Mindfulness Practices for Hairstylists." <em>Embodied Living</em>, 8(2), 2022: 32-41.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sonkusare, S. "The Benefits of Breathwork." <em>Mindful Magazine</em>, July 21, 2022. <a href="https://www.mindful.org/the-benefits-of-breathwork/">https://www.mindful.org/the-benefits-of-breathwork/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sonthalia, S., et al. "Hair and Psychological Well-being." <em>Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology</em>, vol. 1, no. 1, 2023. doi:10.4172/2471-9323.1000E101.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">St. Lawrence College. "Hairstyling and Esthetics." 2023. <a href="https://www.stlawrencecollege.ca/community/hairstyling-and-esthetics">https://www.stlawrencecollege.ca/community/hairstyling-and-esthetics</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Stough, D. B., et al. "Diversity and Inclusion in Hair Transplantation." <em>Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology</em>, vol. 33, no. 3, 2023. doi:10.1111/jdv.136.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Streetwise Journal. "How to Become a Hairstylist." 2023. <a href="https://streetwisejournal.com/how-to-become-a-hairstylist/">https://streetwisejournal.com/how-to-become-a-hairstylist/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Study Moose. "Effective Leadership in a Hair Salon." 2023. <a href="https://studymoose.com/effective-leadership-in-a-hair-salon-essay">https://studymoose.com/effective-leadership-in-a-hair-salon-essay</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Style Academy. "Hairstyling Event, March 23." 2023. <a href="https://styleacademy.ca/event/hairstyling-mar-23/">https://styleacademy.ca/event/hairstyling-mar-23/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Stylez, T. "The Art of Continuous Evolution." <em>Behind the Chair</em>, January 16, 2023. <a href="https://behindthechair.com/articles/tokyo-stylez-art-of-continuous-evolution/">https://behindthechair.com/articles/tokyo-stylez-art-of-continuous-evolution/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Subscription Genius. "Product Sample Subscription Service." 2022. <a href="https://www.subscriptiongenius.com/">https://www.subscriptiongenius.com/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sustainable Jungle. "Vegan Hair Products." 2023. <a href="https://sustainablejungle.com/best-of-sustainable-beauty/vegan-hair-products/">https://sustainablejungle.com/best-of-sustainable-beauty/vegan-hair-products/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Sway. "Sway from Microsoft Office." 2022. <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/online-software/sway">https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/online-software/sway</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">T3 Micro. "Innovative Hair Styling Tools." 2023. <a href="https://www.t3micro.com/hair">https://www.t3micro.com/hair</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Teixeira, M. <em>The Art of Metamorphosis</em>. Origin Publishers, 2021.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">TextureMedia. "Professional Education for Textured Hair." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.texturemedia.com/education">https://www.texturemedia.com/education</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">TextureTalk. "Inclusion in Cosmetology: The Need for Textured Hair Education." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.texturetalk.com/inclusion-cosmetology">https://www.texturetalk.com/inclusion-cosmetology</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">The Freelance Hairstylist's Network. "Facebook group." n.d.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">The Industry Beauty. "The Role of AI and AR in the Beauty Industry." 2023. <a href="https://theindustry.beauty/the-role-of-ai-and-ar-in-the-beauty-industry/">https://theindustry.beauty/the-role-of-ai-and-ar-in-the-beauty-industry/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Thomas, D. "Ted Gibson's Journey of Empowering Clients Through Hairstyling." <em>Essence</em>, June 20, 2019. <a href="https://www.essence.com">https://www.essence.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Thompson, L. "The Power of Representation in Visual Content." <em>Vogue Business</em>, 2021. <a href="https://www.voguebusiness.com/marketing/the-power-of-representation-in-visual-content">https://www.voguebusiness.com/marketing/the-power-of-representation-in-visual-content</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Times of India. "The Evolution of Beauty: Examining the Impact of AI in the Industry." 2023. <a href="https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/blogs/voices/the-evolution-of-beauty-examining-the-impact-of-ai-in-the-industry/">https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/blogs/voices/the-evolution-of-beauty-examining-the-impact-of-ai-in-the-industry/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Together Platform. "What is the Purpose of Mentoring." 2023. <a href="https://www.togetherplatform.com/blog/what-is-the-purpose-of-mentoring">https://www.togetherplatform.com/blog/what-is-the-purpose-of-mentoring</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Tutorials Point. "Hairstyling Industry." 2023. <a href="https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hairstyling-industry">https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hairstyling-industry</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">U.S. Chamber of Commerce. "Community Education Opportunities." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.uschamber.com">https://www.uschamber.com</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">U.S. Department of Energy. "Energy Efficiency for Small to Medium Businesses". 2021. <a href="https://Energy.gov">https://Energy.gov</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">U.S. Financial Literacy and Education Commission. "Financial Wellness and the Importance of an Emergency Fund." 2016. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://home.treasury.gov/policy-issues/financial-markets-financial-institutions-and-fiscal-service">https://home.treasury.gov/policy-issues/financial-markets-financial-institutions-and-fiscal-service</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration. "Ergonomics for Hairdressers." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics/hairdressers">https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics/hairdressers</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration. "Ergonomics in the Workplace." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics">https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration. "Salon Safety and Sanitation Guidelines." 2020. <a href="https://www.osha.gov/salon-safety">https://www.osha.gov/salon-safety</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Udemy. "Online Courses on Hairstyling and Beauty." 2023. <a href="https://www.udemy.com/courses/search/?q=hairstyling">https://www.udemy.com/courses/search/?q=hairstyling</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Umble, A. "How to Set Better Boundaries at Work During Covid-19." <em>Forbes</em>, May 15, 2020. <a href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/averyblank/2020/05/15/how-to-set-better-boundaries-at-work/">https://www.forbes.com/sites/averyblank/2020/05/15/how-to-set-better-boundaries-at-work/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Umberson, Debra, and Jennifer K. Montez. "Social Relationships and Health: A Flashpoint for Health Policy." <em>Journal of Health and Social Behavior</em> 51, suppl. (2010): S54–S66. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1177/0022146510383501">https://doi.org/10.1177/0022146510383501</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">UNESCO. "Cultural Heritage and Traditional Skills." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. <a href="https://en.unesco.org">https://en.unesco.org</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Unilever. "Unilever partners with AI to accelerate product innovation." May 22, 2019. <a href="https://www.unilever.com/news/press-releases/2019/unilever-partners-with-ai-to-accelerate-product-innovation.html">https://www.unilever.com/news/press-releases/2019/unilever-partners-with-ai-to-accelerate-product-innovation.html</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">University of Education Network. "Mentoring Case Studies." 2023. <a href="https://uen.pressbooks.pub/makingconnections/part/mentoring-case-studies/">https://uen.pressbooks.pub/makingconnections/part/mentoring-case-studies/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Vegamour. "What is Hair Wellness?" 2023. <a href="https://vegamour.com/blogs/blog/what-is-hair-wellness">https://vegamour.com/blogs/blog/what-is-hair-wellness</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Villa, S. "Sam Villa: Sharing Knowledge &amp; Leading the Next Generation of Stylists (Interview)." <em>Modern Salon</em>, 2015.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Wauchope, J. "Beauty Unites Communities." [Keynote speech transcript]. Intercoiffure America/Canada Fall Atelier, Chicago, IL, October 2, 2022.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Wauchope, J. Personal interview. 2023.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Welch, L. "The Legendary Guido Palau Breaks Down the Best Hair Looks from the Fall 2022 Runways." <em>Vogue</em>, April 5, 2022. <a href="https://www.vogue.com/article/guido-palau-best-hair-looks-fall-2022">https://www.vogue.com/article/guido-palau-best-hair-looks-fall-2022</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Welp, A., Fritz, C., &amp; Radke, M. "Resilience in Healthcare: Fostering Meaning and Purpose Orientation." <em>Journal of Applied Psychology</em>, 107(4), 2022: 629-645.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">WomenStrongAlliance. "The Crown Act: Ending Hair Discrimination." 2022. <a href="https://www.womenstrongalliance.org/crown-act">https://www.womenstrongalliance.org/crown-act</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Worthington, C. <em>The Complete Book of Hairstyling</em>. Thomson Learning, 2001.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">York University. "Technological Education ABQ: Hairstyling and Aesthetics Grades 9 and 10." 2023. <a href="https://apps.edu.yorku.ca/pdis/course/technological-education-abq/hairstyling-and-aesthetics-grades-9-and-10/">https://apps.edu.yorku.ca/pdis/course/technological-education-abq/hairstyling-and-aesthetics-grades-9-and-10/</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Zeffane, R. "The Widening Scope of Inter-Organizational Networking." <em>Economic and Organizational Benefits of Strategic Networking</em>, 1995.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Zellmer, M. "Hairstylists Take on Many Emotional Support Roles, Which Can Be Draining." <em>Philadelphia Inquirer</em>, August 12, 2020. <a href="https://www.inquirer.com/life/hairstylists-emotional-support-20200812.html">https://www.inquirer.com/life/hairstylists-emotional-support-20200812.html</a>.</li>
      <li class="bib-entry">Zito, R. "Finding Joy in the Everyday." <em>Passion Hairbible</em>, 22(5), August 2021: 108-110.</li>
    </ul>

    <div class="footer-note">
      <p>This bibliography represents a curated selection of resources to support your ongoing journey.</p>
    </div>

  </section>
</body>
</html>

