<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Manifesting Journal</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles/style.css"/>
</head>
<body class="bg-grad-gold">

    <section class="worksheet">
        <div class="worksheet-header">
            <h2 class="accent-gold">MANIFESTING JOURNAL</h2>
            <p class="worksheet-subtitle">The art of bringing your innermost desires into tangible reality</p>
        </div>

        <div class="worksheet-content">
            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <p style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3); font-size: var(--fs-300);">Manifestation is the art of bringing your innermost desires into tangible reality through the alignment of thought, emotion, and action. As a hairstylist, your creative vision has the power to materialize when you focus your intentions with clarity and purpose. This journal provides a framework for articulating, energizing, and activating your professional dreams with deliberate practice.</p>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold" style="margin-bottom: var(--space-2);">The Three Pillars of Effective Manifestation</h3>

                <div style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3);">
                    <p><strong class="accent-gold">1. Clarity:</strong> Define your desires with precision. Vague wishes produce vague results, while detailed visions create detailed outcomes. When you can see, feel, hear, and sense your goal with vivid specificity, you've created a blueprint for manifestation.</p>
                </div>

                <div style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3);">
                    <p><strong class="accent-gold">2. Belief:</strong> Cultivate unwavering faith in both the possibility and your worthiness of your desires. Doubt creates resistance; confidence creates flow. Your mind must accept your vision as an eventual reality before your external world can reflect it.</p>
                </div>

                <div style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3);">
                    <p><strong class="accent-gold">3. Aligned Action:</strong> Take consistent steps that harmonize with your vision. Manifestation isn't passive wishing—it's co-creation through inspired movement. When your actions align with your intentions, you become a powerful conduit for manifestation.</p>
                </div>

                <p style="font-style: italic; color: var(--clr-gold-dark); margin-top: var(--space-3);">Use this journal regularly—ideally daily—to maintain focus on your vision and strengthen your manifestation practice. Date each entry to track your journey and notice patterns in your manifestation process.</p>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <p class="prompt-label" style="color: var(--clr-gold-dark);">Date:</p>
                <div class="line"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Gratitude Alignment</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Begin by acknowledging what you already appreciate in your hairstyling practice. Gratitude connects you to abundance and primes your energy for receiving more.</p>
                <p><strong>I am grateful for:</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Milestones on Your Path</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Describe 3 specific scenarios that represent milestones on your path to manifesting your hairstyling dreams. Envision them happening and feel the positive emotions they evoke. Be as detailed and sensory as possible.</p>

                <p><strong>Milestone 1: Near Future (1-3 months)</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>

                <p style="margin-top: var(--space-3);"><strong>Milestone 2: Mid-Term (6-12 months)</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>

                <p style="margin-top: var(--space-3);"><strong>Milestone 3: Long-Term Vision (1-3 years)</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Your Ideal Future</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Close your eyes and imagine your ideal future as a hairstylist. What does success look and feel like to you? Describe your vision in vivid detail, engaging all your senses.</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Positive Affirmations</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Write 3 positive affirmations that align with your hairstyling vision. Craft them in present tense, as if they are already true. Repeat them to yourself daily to reinforce a mindset of growth and opportunity.</p>

                <p><strong>Affirmation 1: Professional Identity</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>

                <p style="margin-top: var(--space-3);"><strong>Affirmation 2: Creative Expression</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>

                <p style="margin-top: var(--space-3);"><strong>Affirmation 3: Abundance and Impact</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Aligned Actions</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Identify specific steps you can take today that move you toward your vision. Choose actions that feel energizing and inspired rather than forced.</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Evidence and Synchronicities</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Record any signs, coincidences, or progress indicators that suggest your manifestation is underway. Recognizing evidence reinforces your belief and accelerates the manifestation process.</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Releasing Blocks</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Identify any limiting beliefs, fears, or doubts that may be hindering your manifestation. Write them down, then consciously release them by writing a new, empowering perspective for each.</p>

                <p><strong>Limiting Belief 1:</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>

                <p style="margin-top: var(--space-3);"><strong>New Perspective 1:</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>

                <p style="margin-top: var(--space-3);"><strong>Limiting Belief 2:</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>

                <p style="margin-top: var(--space-3);"><strong>New Perspective 2:</strong></p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Daily Reflection</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">End your manifestation practice with a moment of reflection. How did this journaling session shift your energy or perspective? What insights emerged?</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="worksheet-footer">
            <p class="print-instruction" style="text-align: center; font-style: italic;">Remember: Manifestation thrives on consistency and emotional connection. Return to this journal regularly, infusing your writing with genuine feeling and expectation. The universe responds not just to your words, but to the energy behind them.</p>
        </div>
    </section>

</body>
</html>
