<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Self Care Journal</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles/style.css"/>
</head>
<body class="bg-cream">

    <section class="worksheet">
        <div class="worksheet-header">
            <h2 class="accent-teal">SELF-CARE JOURNAL</h2>
            <p class="worksheet-subtitle">Nurturing Your Creative Spirit</p>
        </div>

        <div class="worksheet-content">
            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <p style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3);">As hairstylists, we dedicate ourselves to the well-being and transformation of others, yet often neglect our own needs. This journal is your sacred space to prioritize self-care, recognize burnout signals, and cultivate practices that sustain your passion and energy for the demanding yet rewarding work you do.</p>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <p class="prompt-label">Date:</p>
                <div class="line"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-teal">Physical Well-Being Check-In</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">How is your body feeling today? Are there areas of tension, fatigue, or discomfort from standing, repetitive motions, or long hours? What does your body need right now?</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-teal">Emotional Temperature</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Rate your emotional state today (1-10). What emotions are you experiencing? Are you feeling energized, drained, inspired, overwhelmed, or something else entirely?</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-teal">Boundaries and Balance</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Reflect on your work-life boundaries this week. Are you overextending yourself? What boundaries do you need to set or reinforce to protect your time and energy?</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-teal">Restorative Activities</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">List 3-5 activities that genuinely restore your energy and bring you joy. When was the last time you engaged in each? Schedule time for at least one this week.</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-teal">Creative Burnout Assessment</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Are you experiencing any signs of creative burnout (lack of inspiration, emotional exhaustion, cynicism, reduced productivity)? What might be contributing to these feelings?</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-teal">Self-Care Action Plan</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Based on your reflections above, identify 2-3 specific self-care actions you will take this week. Be realistic and specific about when and how you'll implement them.</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-teal">Gratitude for Self</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Acknowledge something you appreciate about yourself today—a quality, an achievement, or simply your resilience in showing up. You deserve recognition too.</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="worksheet-footer">
            <p class="print-instruction" style="text-align: center; font-style: italic;">Remember: Self-care is not selfish—it's essential. You cannot pour from an empty cup. By nurturing yourself, you ensure you have the energy, creativity, and compassion to serve your clients at the highest level.</p>
        </div>
    </section>

</body>
</html>
