<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Vision Board</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles/style.css"/>
</head>
<body class="bg-grad-modern">

    <section class="worksheet">
        <div class="worksheet-header">
            <h2 class="accent-gold">VISION JOURNAL</h2>
            <p class="worksheet-subtitle">Designing Your Hairstyling Future</p>
        </div>

        <div class="worksheet-content">
            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <p style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3);">Your vision is the compass that guides your professional journey. This journal helps you crystallize your long-term aspirations, explore the stylist you're becoming, and create a vivid mental picture of your ideal future. When you can see it clearly, you can create it intentionally.</p>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <p class="prompt-label">Date:</p>
                <div class="line"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Your Ultimate Vision</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Imagine yourself 5 years from now at the pinnacle of your hairstyling career. Where are you working? What kind of work are you doing? Who are your clients? Describe this vision in vivid, sensory detail.</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Legacy and Impact</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">What legacy do you want to leave in the hairstyling industry? How do you want to be remembered by your clients, colleagues, and community? What lasting impact do you want to make?</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Your Signature Style</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">What makes your work uniquely yours? What techniques, aesthetics, or approaches define your creative identity? If you could be known for one thing, what would it be?</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Ideal Client Experience</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Describe the experience you want every client to have from the moment they book with you to when they leave your chair. What feelings do you want them to carry with them?</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Professional Milestones</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">List 5-7 major milestones you want to achieve in your hairstyling career (education, certifications, awards, business goals, creative projects, collaborations, etc.).</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Values Alignment</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">What core values guide your work as a hairstylist? (Examples: inclusivity, sustainability, artistry, empowerment, innovation, tradition) How do these values shape your daily decisions?</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Obstacles and Solutions</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">What obstacles might stand between you and your vision? For each obstacle, brainstorm at least one potential solution or strategy to overcome it.</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>

            <div class="journal-box bg-white shadow-sm">
                <h3 class="accent-gold">Next Steps Toward Your Vision</h3>
                <p class="prompt-label">Based on your vision, identify 3 concrete actions you can take in the next 30 days that move you closer to this future. Be specific about what, when, and how.</p>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
                <div class="writing-lines"></div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="worksheet-footer">
            <p class="print-instruction" style="text-align: center; font-style: italic;">Your vision is not a distant fantasy—it's a destination you're actively creating with every choice you make. Return to this journal regularly to refine, expand, and stay connected to the future you're building.</p>
        </div>
    </section>

</body>
</html>
