<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Bibliography</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles/style.css"/>
    <style>
        .bib-item {
            padding-left: 2em;
            text-indent: -2em;
            margin-bottom: var(--space-3);
            font-family: var(--font-body);
            font-size: var(--fs-300);
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>

    <section class="backmatter-list">
        <div class="list-header">
            <h1 class="accent-teal">BIBLIOGRAPHY</h1>
            <p class="worksheet-subtitle">Comprehensive research sources and recommended reading</p>
            <hr class="rule-gold"/>
        </div>

        <div class="list-content">
            <div style="background: white; padding: var(--space-4); border-radius: var(--radius-md); box-shadow: var(--shadow-sm); margin-bottom: var(--space-4);">
                <p style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3);">This comprehensive bibliography contains all the research sources, expert interviews, industry publications, and recommended reading materials that informed the creation of <em>Curls &amp; Contemplation</em>. These resources provide additional depth and context for readers seeking to expand their knowledge and understanding of conscious hairstyling practices.</p>
            </div>

            <div style="background: white; padding: var(--space-4); border-radius: var(--radius-md); box-shadow: var(--shadow-sm); margin-bottom: var(--space-4);">
                <h3 class="accent-teal" style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3);">Sources &amp; References</h3>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    Allen, T. D., L. T. Eby, M. L. Poteet, E. Lentz, and L. Lima. "Career Benefits Associated with Mentoring for Protégés: A Meta‑Analysis." <em>Journal of Applied Psychology</em>, 2004. https://psycnet.apa.org/fulltext/2004-15660-007.html.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    Allure. "The Secret Behind Rihanna's Iconic Hairstyles: Meet Ursula Stephen." <em>Allure</em>, April 18, 2017. https://www.allure.com/story/ursula-stephen-hairstylist-rihanna.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    Allure. "Kim Kimble: Celebrating Natural Hair." 2018. https://www.allure.com/story/kim-kimble-interview.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    Allure. "Jen Atkin: From Couch to Celebrity." 2019. https://www.allure.com/story/jen-atkin-profile.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    American Association of Cosmetology Schools. "Innovative Training for Diverse Hair Types." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.aacs.org/initiatives/diverse-hair-training.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    American College of Sports Medicine. "Benefits of Stretching and Strength Training." 2021. https://www.acsm.org.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    American Psychological Association. "The Importance of Setting Boundaries for Mental Health." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.apa.org.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    American Psychological Association. "Building Resilience: How to Bounce Back." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.apa.org/topics/resilience.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    American Salon. "Career Development for Hairstylists." 2021. https://www.americansalon.com/career-development.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    American Salon. "Jayne Matthews on Small-Group Networking." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.americansalon.com.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    American Salon. "How to Prepare for a Master Portfolio Review." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.americansalon.com.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    Atkin, Jennifer. <em>Blowing My Way to the Top: How to Break the Rules, Find Your Purpose, and Create the Life and Career You Deserve</em>. New York: Harper Wave, 2020.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    Aveda. "Aveda Education." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.aveda.com/education.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    Aveda Institutes. "Curriculum Overview: Textured Hair and Product Science." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.avedainstitutes.edu/programs/textured-hair.
                </p>

                <p class="bib-item">
                    Bandura, Albert. <em>Self‑Efficacy: The Exercise of Control</em>. New York: Worth Publishers, 1997. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.uky.edu/~eushe2/Bandura/Bandura1997EP.pdf.
                </p>
            </div>

            <div style="background: white; padding: var(--space-4); border-radius: var(--radius-md); box-shadow: var(--shadow-sm); margin-bottom: var(--space-4);">
                <h3 class="accent-teal" style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3);">Continued Learning</h3>
                <p>This bibliography represents just the beginning of your research journey. The beauty industry evolves rapidly, and staying current with new publications, research studies, and industry innovations is essential for continued growth. Consider these sources as starting points for deeper exploration of topics that resonate with your professional development goals.</p>
            </div>

            <div style="background: white; padding: var(--space-4); border-radius: var(--radius-md); box-shadow: var(--shadow-sm);">
                <h3 class="accent-teal" style="margin-bottom: var(--space-3);">Research Standards</h3>
                <p>All sources have been carefully selected for their credibility, relevance, and contribution to the advancement of professional hairstyling practices. URLs were accessible as of publication date and may require updated access methods for continued availability.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </section>

</body>
</html>
