<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
  <title>Self-Assessment: Creative Identity Audit</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles/fonts.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles/style.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles/print.css" media="print"/>
  <style>
    .assessment-page {
      min-height: 100vh;
      max-height: 100vh;
      padding: 2rem 2.5rem;
      display: flex;
      flex-direction: column;
      page-break-before: always;
      page-break-after: always;
      page-break-inside: avoid;
      background: linear-gradient(180deg, #FFFFFF 0%, rgba(43,153,153,0.03) 100%);
    }
    .header-section {
      text-align: center;
      margin-bottom: 1.5rem;
      padding-bottom: 1rem;
      border-bottom: 3px solid #C9A961;
    }
    .worksheet-badge {
      display: inline-block;
      background: linear-gradient(135deg, #2B9999 0%, #3DB3B3 100%);
      color: white;
      padding: 0.3rem 1.2rem;
      border-radius: 20px;
      font-family: 'Montserrat', sans-serif;
      font-size: 0.7rem;
      font-weight: 600;
      letter-spacing: 0.15em;
      text-transform: uppercase;
      margin-bottom: 0.75rem;
    }
    .main-title {
      font-family: 'Cinzel Decorative', serif;
      font-size: 1.8rem;
      color: #2B9999;
      margin-bottom: 0.3rem;
      letter-spacing: 0.05em;
    }
    .subtitle {
      font-family: 'Libre Baskerville', serif;
      font-size: 1rem;
      color: #C9A961;
      font-style: italic;
    }
    .intro-text {
      font-size: 0.85rem;
      color: #666;
      text-align: center;
      max-width: 600px;
      margin: 0 auto 1.5rem;
      line-height: 1.5;
    }
    .questions-grid {
      display: grid;
      grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr;
      gap: 1.25rem;
      flex: 1;
    }
    .question-card {
      background: white;
      border: 1px solid rgba(43,153,153,0.2);
      border-radius: 8px;
      padding: 0.9rem;
      display: flex;
      flex-direction: column;
      box-shadow: 0 2px 4px rgba(0,0,0,0.04);
    }
    .question-header {
      display: flex;
      align-items: flex-start;
      gap: 0.6rem;
      margin-bottom: 0.5rem;
    }
    .question-number {
      background: linear-gradient(135deg, #2B9999 0%, #1F7272 100%);
      color: white;
      width: 24px;
      height: 24px;
      border-radius: 50%;
      display: flex;
      align-items: center;
      justify-content: center;
      font-family: 'Montserrat', sans-serif;
      font-size: 0.75rem;
      font-weight: 700;
      flex-shrink: 0;
    }
    .question-text {
      font-size: 0.8rem;
      color: #333;
      line-height: 1.4;
      flex: 1;
    }
    .question-text strong {
      color: #2B9999;
      font-weight: 600;
    }
    .answer-lines {
      flex: 1;
      display: flex;
      flex-direction: column;
      justify-content: space-evenly;
      min-height: 50px;
    }
    .answer-line {
      border-bottom: 1px solid #ddd;
      height: 1.4rem;
    }
    .footer-section {
      margin-top: auto;
      padding-top: 1rem;
      text-align: center;
      border-top: 2px solid rgba(201,169,97,0.3);
    }
    .footer-text {
      font-family: 'Montserrat', sans-serif;
      font-size: 0.7rem;
      color: #999;
      letter-spacing: 0.1em;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body class="frontmatter-page">
<main role="main" epub:type="frontmatter">
<section class="assessment-page" aria-label="Self-Assessment: Creative Identity Audit">

<div class="header-section">
  <div class="worksheet-badge">Self-Assessment Worksheet</div>
  <h1 class="main-title">Creative Identity Audit</h1>
  <p class="subtitle">Refining Your Toolkit &amp; Artistic Voice</p>
</div>

<p class="intro-text">This self-assessment is designed to help you reflect on your current journey as a freelance hairstylist. Take your time to answer each question thoughtfully.</p>

<div class="questions-grid">

  <div class="question-card">
    <div class="question-header">
      <div class="question-number">1</div>
      <div class="question-text"><strong>Current Skill Inventory:</strong> List your top 3 technical strengths (e.g., dry cutting, balayage) and 3 areas where you feel a "skill gap."</div>
    </div>
    <div class="answer-lines">
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="question-card">
    <div class="question-header">
      <div class="question-number">2</div>
      <div class="question-text"><strong>Burnout Check-In:</strong> On a scale of 1-10, how ignited is your creative fire right now? Describe what is currently fueling you or draining you.</div>
    </div>
    <div class="answer-lines">
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="question-card">
    <div class="question-header">
      <div class="question-number">3</div>
      <div class="question-text"><strong>The "Why" Rediscovery:</strong> Recall a specific moment in your career where you felt completely in your element. What were you doing? Who were you with?</div>
    </div>
    <div class="answer-lines">
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="question-card">
    <div class="question-header">
      <div class="question-number">4</div>
      <div class="question-text"><strong>Creative Aspirations:</strong> What sparked your passion for hairstyling? What are your biggest hopes, dreams, and aspirations for your craft?</div>
    </div>
    <div class="answer-lines">
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="question-card">
    <div class="question-header">
      <div class="question-number">5</div>
      <div class="question-text"><strong>Conscious Hairstyling:</strong> What does being a "conscious hairstylist" mean to you? What values do you want to bring more fully into your work?</div>
    </div>
    <div class="answer-lines">
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="question-card">
    <div class="question-header">
      <div class="question-number">6</div>
      <div class="question-text"><strong>Looking Ahead:</strong> What are you most excited to learn, experience, and create through the sacred art of hairstyling? What's calling to your heart?</div>
    </div>
    <div class="answer-lines">
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
      <div class="answer-line"></div>
    </div>
  </div>

</div>

<div class="footer-section">
  <p class="footer-text">Curls &amp; Contemplation | Creative Identity Audit</p>
</div>

</section>
</main>
</body>
</html>
